add ETH bond contract description (#83)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: contracts.md

- V1 [0x8510...2514](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8510c8c2B6891E04864fa196693D44E6B6ec2514)

> ## wETH Bond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ETH Bond
```

> Since ETH itself is not an ERC20 token itself, our ETH bonds utilize wETH. All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since ETH is not an ERC-20 token itself, our ETH bonds utilize [wETH](https://weth.io/). All
```
